This licence agreement permits you to create and distribute messages compliant
with the BASDA eBIS-XML standard.
                             
BASDA is the trading name of The Business Application Software Developer's
Association Ltd, a not-for-profit organisation based in the UK.
                             
eBIS-XML is BASDA's 'electronic Business Interchange Standard in XML' developed
as an open standard.
                             
BASDA and eBIS-XML are Trademarks.
                             

                 Before Downloading the Suite
                             
Read carefully the following Terms and Conditions before downloading the BASDA
eBIS-XML Suite. Downloading the Suite indicates your acceptance of the terms
and conditions set forth in this document and the end-user licence agreement
associated with the BASDA eBIS-XML Standard. If you do not agree with these
terms and conditions do not download the BASDA eBIS-XML Suite.        
                             
The BASDA eBIS-XML Suite, comprising XML schema, messages, stylesheets
documentation, appearance and structure is protected by copyright and other
laws. Title to this Suite, or any copy, modification or merged portion of any
of the items contained within it, shall at all times remain with BASDA.
                             
The eBIS-XML Suite does not entitle you to any claim as to the validity,
compliance, or compatibility of software developed using the eBIS-XML standard
unless BASDA has independently verified such software using its testing
service, details of which are available at www.basda.org.                
                             
The eBIS-XML and the BASDA logos are registered Trademarks of Business
Application Software Developer's Association Ltd in the UK and other countries.
Whilst this licence agreement allows you to use the eBIS-XML standard, it does
not permit you to distribute the Suite or any of its contents or permit the use
of the BASDA, eBIS-XML names or logos.
                             
The use of the BASDA eBIS-XML open standard will be freely available without
charge on the condition that:-
                             
    - Messages developed are compatible with other eBIS-XML compliant systems.
    - The eBIS-XML schema has not been modified
    - Messages developed from its structure can be validated using the relevant
      BASDA eBIS-XML schema and checksum
    - Additional fields may only be added in the sections marked 'xsd:any' in
      the schema to ensure that the message can still be validated by the
      eBIS-XML schema.
                             

                 Intellectual Property Rights
                             
Definition: Intellectual Property Rights - all property in and rights to
patents, licence, trademarks, trade names, inventions and copyrights relating
to the origin, design, manufacture, programming, operation and/or service of
the BASDA eBIS-XML Standard.
                             
All Intellectual Property Rights, title or interest in the BASDA eBIS-XML
Standard will at all times remain with BASDA.
                             
BASDA grants to the Customer an individual, non-exclusive, non-transferable
licence to use the eBIS-XML Standard.
                             
                 Limitation of remedies and liability
                             
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will BASDA be liable to you
for any damages, including lost profits, lost savings, or other incidental or
consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the items
contained in this eBIS-XML Suite, even if BASDA has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

